Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/roleGrant.md

$roleGrant[user ID;+/-Role ID;...]
```

### Parameters
- `user ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : the user ID.
- `+/-` `(Flag : Required)` : In front of RoleID use '+' to add the role or '-' to remove it.

> - `RoleID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` ID of the role to give or remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The user to grant roles to.
- `RoleID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The role to give or remove. Prepend `+` or `-` to the role ID to give or remove it.
```
